# Joint-Dictionary-Learning-Algorithm-with-Novel-Data-Enhancement-Scheme

## Overview

This repository contains the implementation of a novel data enhancement method aimed at boosting intra-class differences in image samples. The generated images are specifically designed to enhance the performance of existing image classification algorithms, providing improved recognition accuracy.

## Features

1. **Data Enhancement Method**
   - Our proposed data enhancement method enhances intra-class differences in image samples.
   - The generated images from this method effectively improve the recognition performance of existing image classification algorithms.

2. **Sparse Representation Algorithm**
   - We have designed a sparse representation algorithm based on the enhanced data generated by our proposed data enhancement algorithm.
   - Comparative results with various sparse representation algorithms showcase the effectiveness of our method.

3. **Robust Dictionary Learning Algorithm**
   - A robust dictionary learning algorithm has been developed based on the proposed data augmentation algorithm.
   - This algorithm incorporates labeling information and local information, leading to excellent recognition results.

## Dataset
The dataset used in the article is a publicly available dataset. The original dataset is：
ORL:Samaria, F.S. and A.C. Harter. Parameterisation of a stochastic model for human face identification. in Proceedings of 1994 IEEE workshop on applications of computer vision. 1994. IEEE.
AR:Martinez, A. and R. Benavente, The ar face database: Cvc technical report, 24. 1998.
GT:Georghiades, A.S., P.N. Belhumeur, and D.J. Kriegman, From few to many: Illumination cone models for face recognition under variable lighting and pose. IEEE transactions on pattern analysis and machine intelligence, 2001. 23(6): p. 643-660.
FERET:Phillips, P.J., et al., The FERET evaluation methodology for face-recognition algorithms. IEEE Transactions on pattern analysis and machine intelligence, 2000. 22(10): p. 1090-1104.
